Trace.
Which rivers are not in asia?
which is the largest african country?
which country's capital is london?
Which countries contain more than 3 cities?
Which countries contain more than 2 cities?
Which countries contain less than 2 cities?
Which countries contain a city?
Which countries contain 3 cities?
Which countries contain 2 cities?
which countries are european?
which countries are bordered by two seas?
Which continents contain more than 4 cities?
Which asian countries have a population exceeding 10 million?
where is the largest country?
what rivers are there?
what percentage of countries border each ocean?
what is the total area of countries south of the equator and not in australasia?
what is the ocean that borders african countries and that borders asian countries?
what is the capital of upper_volta?
what is the average area of the countries in each continent?
What is a river?
What is a river that is in asia?
what countries are there in europe?
what countries are in europe?
what are the countries from which a river flows into the black_sea?
what are the countries from which no river flows into the black_sea?
What are the continents not containing a country?
What are the continents in which no country contains more than 3 cities?
What are the continents containing a country in which contains more than 3 cities?
what are the capitals of the countries bordering the baltic?
is there some ocean that does not border any country?
is there more than one country in each continent?
How many rivers are not in asia?
How many rivers are in asia?
how many countries does the danube flow through?
how large is the smallest american country?
does afghanistan border china?
what percentage of countries border each ocean ? 
statistics.
which country bordering the mediterranean borders a country that is bordered by a country whose population exceeds the population of india?
which countries with a population exceeding 10 million border the atlantic?
which countries have a population exceeding 10 million?
what are the continents no country in which contains more than two cities whose population exceeds 1 million?
What are the continents in which no country contains more than two cities whose population exceeds 1 million?
How many countries have a population greater than 10 million?
How many countries have a population exceeding 10 million?
How many asian countries have a population exceeding 10 million?
What are the continents containing a country in which contains more than two cities whose population exceeds 1 million?
What are the continents containing no country in which contains more than two cities whose population exceeds 1 million?
What are the continents containing no countries in which contain more than two cities whose population exceeds 1 million?
What are the continents in which no country contains more than two cities whose populations exceed 1 million?
Which continents contain no countries which contain more than two cities whose population exceeds 1 million?
london is in the united_kingdom .
How many places are there?
Which places are seamasses?
Which oceans are not seas?
Which oceans are not seamasses?
Which rivers flow into seas?
Which rivers do not flow into seas?
Bye.
Is it true that all oceans are not seas?
How many countries does the nile flow into?
Which river flows through the most countries?
Which rivers flow through the most countries?
What are the continents in which no country contains more than two cities whose population each exceed 1 million?
What are the continents with a country containing at least two cities whose population each exceeds 1 million?

